
TODO

buffer tests
	buffer motion tests
	buffer content tests
	buffer reading tests
	buffer writing tests
	buffer display tests
	buffer execute tests

remove open panel, fixing up shelf/stack

horizontal scrolling 

TABS         
	tabs in the text should expand as necessary. Maybe
	the easiest thing to do is expand them on entry
	and compress on exit? That makes rather a lot of
	assumptions.

adjustments to marked range when newlines inserted/deleted.
	make marks a property of the buffer, since it knows when
	lines are removed/inserted, and in any case it will have
	to track other lines (or within lines)

display range bar even on empty lines (currently display
	is triggered when writing to the first rune of the line,
	but if there is no first rune, there's no display.)

the colour 'yellow' is more of a mucky orange. need lots of colours.      

movement to/from command line, persistence of same

placement of cursor following horizontal movement

search (plain; regexp)
mouse distinguish left/right click and shift/ctrl/alt modifiers
write to file
read file / new buffer from file
display messages somewhere
token highlighting
menus

delete multiple line(s)
delete current line should adjust the marked range
delete marked range(s)
write marked range(s)
move marked range

warning markers following analysis
run code over buffer
read config file
do less (re-)copying and page building
ls command
trim command arguments
when main starts consider cli arguments eg for files to edit
distinguish word commands (eg "ls") and character commands (eg "/")
edit command language ([if|then|else], (while|do), this;that, (...)) ...
undo/redo

DONE

placement of cursor following vertical scrolling
read from file into current buffer at cursor.

mark text ranges
	f3=mark low, f4=mark high, displayed in left gutter
	f3 will pull up an earlier f4, f4 will push down an earlier f3

page up/down movement
	page up moves to the top of this page if not already there.
	otherwise it skips back a full page unless there's less than
	a full page left, in which case it skips to the top.

	page down moves to the bottom of this page if not already there.
	otherwise it skips forward a full page.

line beginning/end movement
	end moves to the beginning of the line unless it's already
	there, in which case it moves to the end.

delete current line
	ENTER d RETURN deletes the current line

